University of Illinois/NCSA Open Source License

Copyright (c) 2002 Yale University 
All rights reserved.
Developed by:  Kenneth Swartz, Dale Visser, and Johannes Baris
               with the support of US Department of Energy 
               Grant No. DE-FG02-91ER-40609.
               Wright Nuclear Structure Laboratory, 
               Yale University
               http://wnsl.physics.yale.edu/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person 
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation 
files (the "Software"), to deal with the Software without 
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, 
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or 
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following 
conditions: 

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers. 

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above 
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following 
disclaimers in the documentation and/or other materials provided 
with the distribution. 

Neither the names of the Wright Nuclear Structure Laboratory, 
Yale University, nor the names of its contributors may be used to 
endorse or promote products derived from this Software without 
specific prior written permission. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR 
OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE. 
